c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\SolarPCTool.exe
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\SolarPCTool.pdb
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.g.resources
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.exe
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.pdb
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Factory.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Factory.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\RealTimeMeasurement.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\RealTimeMeasurement.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\LightMgmt.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\LogMgmt.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\PowerMgmt.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\LightMgmt.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\LogMgmt.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\PowerMgmt.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\LightMgmt.baml
c:\users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\LightMgmt.g.cs
C:\Users\310045845\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\DimProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\310045845\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\DimProfile.baml
C:\Users\310045845\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DimD2d.baml
C:\Users\310045845\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DimD2d.g.cs
C:\Users\310045845\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DimRtc.baml
C:\Users\310045845\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DynaDim.baml
C:\Users\310045845\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DimRtc.g.cs
C:\Users\310045845\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DynaDim.g.cs
C:\Users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\PowerMgmt.baml
C:\Users\310045845\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\PowerMgmt.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.exe
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.pdb
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\SolarPCTool.exe
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\SolarPCTool.pdb
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DimRtc.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DynaDim.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\LightMgmt.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DimD2d.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\PowerMgmt.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\RealTimeMeasurement.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DimRtc.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DynaDim.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\LightMgmt.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\DimD2d.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\PowerMgmt.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Content\RealTimeMeasurement.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\DimProfile.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Factory.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\LightMgmt.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\LogMgmt.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\PowerMgmt.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\DimProfile.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Factory.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\LightMgmt.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\LogMgmt.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\Pages\PowerMgmt.baml
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.g.resources
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\work_solar\SolarPCTool\SolarPCTool\obj\Debug\SolarPCTool.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
